drivers: wifi: Move OS agnostic code to nrfxlib (#12835)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf700x/nrf700x.rst

Low-level API documentation
***************************

> Refer to the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_wifi_api` for the low-level API documentation.

Reviewer: Since the modules have moved from here, can we add this line under "API documentation" section and remove "Low-level API documentation" section? 
```suggestion
See the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_wifi_api` to learn more about various modes of low-level API.
```
